{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Name:
\b0  Ahmed Mohamed\

\b Email:
\b0  am02150@surrey.ac.uk\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Declaration of Originality: \

\b0 Following the University regulations, all student\'92s submissions must include a \'93Declaration of Originality\'94 statement (submitted as a separate text file) as follows: \'93I confirm that the submitted work is my own work and that I have clearly identified and fully acknowledged all material that is entitled to be attributed to others (whether published or unpublished) using the referencing system set out in the programme handbook. I agree that the University may submit my work to means of checking this, such as the plagiarism detection service TurnitinR UK. I confirm that I understand that assessed work that has been shown to have been plagiarized will be penalized.\'94\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Special Features:\

\b0 \
- Display the upcoming task\'92s address and how long will it take from the current location which is starts as a service. By pressing on the distance or address you will be redirected to the task\'92s page. \
\
- Display the route between each task and the current location on map in View Location activity, its distance and its duration using Google Direction Api for the route and for the distance and duration Google Direction Matrix Api. \
\
- Search a location when adding a task using the search bar that enables the user to add location easily. \
\
- Use of complex read in methods from the database as I had nested objects inside each other, so I created a class for that object then read the object all at a once from the firebase to speed up the process. E.g. would be extracting the steps of the tasks, as steps_list is an ArrayList of Step objects associated to the Task. \
\

\b Firebase Sample Son Object: \
\

\b0 \{\
  "tasks" : \{\
    "-LD66e3Yt6gVwKfUyUFo" : \{\
      "due_date" : \{\
        "day" : 22,\
        "month" : 5,\
        "year" : 2018\
      \},\
      "is_complete" : false,\
      "location" : \{\
        "alt" : -0.6142238999999999,\
        "lat" : 51.24055689999999\
      \},\
      "number_of_steps" : 1,\
      "overview" : "Travel",\
      "steps_list" : [ \{\
        "complete" : false,\
        "content" : "Book Tickets",\
        "id" : 0,\
        "isComplete" : false,\
        "name" : "Step 1",\
        "order" : 0,\
        "weight" : 100\
      \} ]\
    \}\
  \}\
\}\

\b \
\

\b0 \
\
\
\
}